# ExportJob

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**CompanyId** | **string** | The Pleo unique identifier of the company the export job belongs to | 
**CompletedAt** | Pointer to **NullableTime** | Date and time the job was completed | [optional] 
**CreatedAt** | **time.Time** | Date and time the job was created. When the export button is clicked on the Pleo UI, i.e. an export is initiated by the user, the job is created and the createdAt date is set. | 
**CreatedBy** | Pointer to **NullableString** | This is the Pleo unique identifier of the user that initiated the export job | [optional] 
**ExpiredAt** | Pointer to **NullableTime** | Date and time the job expired | [optional] 
**ExpiresIn** | **int32** | This is the amount of time in seconds the job will expire relative to the last time an action was taken on the job. The last time an action was taken on the job is reflected by the \&quot;lastUpdatedAt\&quot; field | 
**FailureReason** | Pointer to **NullableString** | Reason why the job failed in the case of a failure | [optional] 
**FailureReasonType** | Pointer to **NullableString** | The classification for the failure from a list of described failure reason types | [optional] 
**Id** | **string** | The unique identifier generated by Pleo for the export job | 
**IsInteractive** | **bool** | Indicates whether the export job was initiated by a user or by the system | 
**LastUpdatedAt** | Pointer to **NullableTime** | Last time the job was updated or action on the job was taken | [optional] 
**NumberOfItems** | **int32** | Number of accounting entries that were selected for processing | 
**StartedAt** | Pointer to **NullableTime** | Date and time the job was started. When the export-job-events endpoint is called to start the export Job, the startedAt date is set. | [optional] 
**Status** | **string** | Specifies the current execution state of the export job. Some here are the definitions of the values that are supported for this field | 

## Methods

### NewExportJob

`func NewExportJob(companyId string, createdAt time.Time, expiresIn int32, id string, isInteractive bool, numberOfItems int32, status string, ) *ExportJob`

NewExportJob instantiates a new ExportJob object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewExportJobWithDefaults

`func NewExportJobWithDefaults() *ExportJob`

NewExportJobWithDefaults instantiates a new ExportJob object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetCompanyId

`func (o *ExportJob) GetCompanyId() string`

GetCompanyId returns the CompanyId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCompanyIdOk

`func (o *ExportJob) GetCompanyIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetCompanyIdOk returns a tuple with the CompanyId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCompanyId

`func (o *ExportJob) SetCompanyId(v string)`

SetCompanyId sets CompanyId field to given value.


### GetCompletedAt

`func (o *ExportJob) GetCompletedAt() time.Time`

GetCompletedAt returns the CompletedAt field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCompletedAtOk

`func (o *ExportJob) GetCompletedAtOk() (*time.Time, bool)`

GetCompletedAtOk returns a tuple with the CompletedAt field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCompletedAt

`func (o *ExportJob) SetCompletedAt(v time.Time)`

SetCompletedAt sets CompletedAt field to given value.

### HasCompletedAt

`func (o *ExportJob) HasCompletedAt() bool`

HasCompletedAt returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetCompletedAtNil

`func (o *ExportJob) SetCompletedAtNil(b bool)`

 SetCompletedAtNil sets the value for CompletedAt to be an explicit nil

### UnsetCompletedAt
`func (o *ExportJob) UnsetCompletedAt()`

UnsetCompletedAt ensures that no value is present for CompletedAt, not even an explicit nil
### GetCreatedAt

`func (o *ExportJob) GetCreatedAt() time.Time`

GetCreatedAt returns the CreatedAt field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCreatedAtOk

`func (o *ExportJob) GetCreatedAtOk() (*time.Time, bool)`

GetCreatedAtOk returns a tuple with the CreatedAt field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCreatedAt

`func (o *ExportJob) SetCreatedAt(v time.Time)`

SetCreatedAt sets CreatedAt field to given value.


### GetCreatedBy

`func (o *ExportJob) GetCreatedBy() string`

GetCreatedBy returns the CreatedBy field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCreatedByOk

`func (o *ExportJob) GetCreatedByOk() (*string, bool)`

GetCreatedByOk returns a tuple with the CreatedBy field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCreatedBy

`func (o *ExportJob) SetCreatedBy(v string)`

SetCreatedBy sets CreatedBy field to given value.

### HasCreatedBy

`func (o *ExportJob) HasCreatedBy() bool`

HasCreatedBy returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetCreatedByNil

`func (o *ExportJob) SetCreatedByNil(b bool)`

 SetCreatedByNil sets the value for CreatedBy to be an explicit nil

### UnsetCreatedBy
`func (o *ExportJob) UnsetCreatedBy()`

UnsetCreatedBy ensures that no value is present for CreatedBy, not even an explicit nil
### GetExpiredAt

`func (o *ExportJob) GetExpiredAt() time.Time`

GetExpiredAt returns the ExpiredAt field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetExpiredAtOk

`func (o *ExportJob) GetExpiredAtOk() (*time.Time, bool)`

GetExpiredAtOk returns a tuple with the ExpiredAt field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetExpiredAt

`func (o *ExportJob) SetExpiredAt(v time.Time)`

SetExpiredAt sets ExpiredAt field to given value.

### HasExpiredAt

`func (o *ExportJob) HasExpiredAt() bool`

HasExpiredAt returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetExpiredAtNil

`func (o *ExportJob) SetExpiredAtNil(b bool)`

 SetExpiredAtNil sets the value for ExpiredAt to be an explicit nil

### UnsetExpiredAt
`func (o *ExportJob) UnsetExpiredAt()`

UnsetExpiredAt ensures that no value is present for ExpiredAt, not even an explicit nil
### GetExpiresIn

`func (o *ExportJob) GetExpiresIn() int32`

GetExpiresIn returns the ExpiresIn field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetExpiresInOk

`func (o *ExportJob) GetExpiresInOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetExpiresInOk returns a tuple with the ExpiresIn field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetExpiresIn

`func (o *ExportJob) SetExpiresIn(v int32)`

SetExpiresIn sets ExpiresIn field to given value.


### GetFailureReason

`func (o *ExportJob) GetFailureReason() string`

GetFailureReason returns the FailureReason field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetFailureReasonOk

`func (o *ExportJob) GetFailureReasonOk() (*string, bool)`

GetFailureReasonOk returns a tuple with the FailureReason field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetFailureReason

`func (o *ExportJob) SetFailureReason(v string)`

SetFailureReason sets FailureReason field to given value.

### HasFailureReason

`func (o *ExportJob) HasFailureReason() bool`

HasFailureReason returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetFailureReasonNil

`func (o *ExportJob) SetFailureReasonNil(b bool)`

 SetFailureReasonNil sets the value for FailureReason to be an explicit nil

### UnsetFailureReason
`func (o *ExportJob) UnsetFailureReason()`

UnsetFailureReason ensures that no value is present for FailureReason, not even an explicit nil
### GetFailureReasonType

`func (o *ExportJob) GetFailureReasonType() string`

GetFailureReasonType returns the FailureReasonType field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetFailureReasonTypeOk

`func (o *ExportJob) GetFailureReasonTypeOk() (*string, bool)`

GetFailureReasonTypeOk returns a tuple with the FailureReasonType field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetFailureReasonType

`func (o *ExportJob) SetFailureReasonType(v string)`

SetFailureReasonType sets FailureReasonType field to given value.

### HasFailureReasonType

`func (o *ExportJob) HasFailureReasonType() bool`

HasFailureReasonType returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetFailureReasonTypeNil

`func (o *ExportJob) SetFailureReasonTypeNil(b bool)`

 SetFailureReasonTypeNil sets the value for FailureReasonType to be an explicit nil

### UnsetFailureReasonType
`func (o *ExportJob) UnsetFailureReasonType()`

UnsetFailureReasonType ensures that no value is present for FailureReasonType, not even an explicit nil
### GetId

`func (o *ExportJob) GetId() string`

GetId returns the Id field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIdOk

`func (o *ExportJob) GetIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetIdOk returns a tuple with the Id field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetId

`func (o *ExportJob) SetId(v string)`

SetId sets Id field to given value.


### GetIsInteractive

`func (o *ExportJob) GetIsInteractive() bool`

GetIsInteractive returns the IsInteractive field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIsInteractiveOk

`func (o *ExportJob) GetIsInteractiveOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetIsInteractiveOk returns a tuple with the IsInteractive field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIsInteractive

`func (o *ExportJob) SetIsInteractive(v bool)`

SetIsInteractive sets IsInteractive field to given value.


### GetLastUpdatedAt

`func (o *ExportJob) GetLastUpdatedAt() time.Time`

GetLastUpdatedAt returns the LastUpdatedAt field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLastUpdatedAtOk

`func (o *ExportJob) GetLastUpdatedAtOk() (*time.Time, bool)`

GetLastUpdatedAtOk returns a tuple with the LastUpdatedAt field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLastUpdatedAt

`func (o *ExportJob) SetLastUpdatedAt(v time.Time)`

SetLastUpdatedAt sets LastUpdatedAt field to given value.

### HasLastUpdatedAt

`func (o *ExportJob) HasLastUpdatedAt() bool`

HasLastUpdatedAt returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetLastUpdatedAtNil

`func (o *ExportJob) SetLastUpdatedAtNil(b bool)`

 SetLastUpdatedAtNil sets the value for LastUpdatedAt to be an explicit nil

### UnsetLastUpdatedAt
`func (o *ExportJob) UnsetLastUpdatedAt()`

UnsetLastUpdatedAt ensures that no value is present for LastUpdatedAt, not even an explicit nil
### GetNumberOfItems

`func (o *ExportJob) GetNumberOfItems() int32`

GetNumberOfItems returns the NumberOfItems field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetNumberOfItemsOk

`func (o *ExportJob) GetNumberOfItemsOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetNumberOfItemsOk returns a tuple with the NumberOfItems field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetNumberOfItems

`func (o *ExportJob) SetNumberOfItems(v int32)`

SetNumberOfItems sets NumberOfItems field to given value.


### GetStartedAt

`func (o *ExportJob) GetStartedAt() time.Time`

GetStartedAt returns the StartedAt field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetStartedAtOk

`func (o *ExportJob) GetStartedAtOk() (*time.Time, bool)`

GetStartedAtOk returns a tuple with the StartedAt field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetStartedAt

`func (o *ExportJob) SetStartedAt(v time.Time)`

SetStartedAt sets StartedAt field to given value.

### HasStartedAt

`func (o *ExportJob) HasStartedAt() bool`

HasStartedAt returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetStartedAtNil

`func (o *ExportJob) SetStartedAtNil(b bool)`

 SetStartedAtNil sets the value for StartedAt to be an explicit nil

### UnsetStartedAt
`func (o *ExportJob) UnsetStartedAt()`

UnsetStartedAt ensures that no value is present for StartedAt, not even an explicit nil
### GetStatus

`func (o *ExportJob) GetStatus() string`

GetStatus returns the Status field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetStatusOk

`func (o *ExportJob) GetStatusOk() (*string, bool)`

GetStatusOk returns a tuple with the Status field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetStatus

`func (o *ExportJob) SetStatus(v string)`

SetStatus sets Status field to given value.



[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


